introduce a report generation flag to the convert CLI command (#4384)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/reference/cli/convert.md

> The `--output` flag can be specified to write the contents of the converted
> config to the specified path.
> 
> The `--report` flag can be used to generate a diagnostic report. When
> `--report` is not provided, no report is generated.
> 
> The `--bypass-errors` flag can be used to bypass [errors].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several different flags available for the `grafana-agent convert` command. You can use the `--output` flag to write the contents of the converted config to a specified path. You can use the `--report` flag to generate a diagnostic report. The `--bypass-errors` flag allows you to bypass any [errors] generated during the file conversion.
```

Maybe we could change this up a little to make it a descriptive paragraph so it doesn't look/read like a simple restate of the bullet list of flags
